Review ch2 (#546)
worldbank/dime-data-handbook: chapters/2-collaboration.tex

So FDE would anyways have to be complimented with
some other type of protection during collaboration.

When using FSE, instead of encrypting a full disk or drive,
you create encrypted folders
in which you can securely store confidential data.
These encrypted folders protects your data
when they are stored on your computer
but can also be used to securely transfer data over
insecure channels like DropBox and email.\index{data transfer}
Encrypted folders in FSE are only decrypted
when you need that specific folder to be decrypted.
That means that a malicious intruder
that have gained access to your computer
only gains access to the folders you have decrypted
while your computer was compromised.
Folders you rarely or never decrypt therefor
remains protected even if someone gain access to your computer.
DIME uses VeraCrypt for encrypted folders,
our protocols are available as part of the DIME Research Standards.\sidenote{
	\url{https://github.com/worldbank/dime-standards}}
VeraCrypt is free of charge and available for Windows, MacOS and Linux.
While some details are different across platforms,
the encryption will be implemented the same way for all team members.

> Regardless if you use full disk encryption or file system encryption,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether you use full disk encryption or file system encryption,
```
